Dear esteemed customer,

The Management of the Bank of America Corporate Office Headquarters here in 100 N.Tryon St Charlotte, NC 28255 wishes to inform you that after a brief meeting held by the Bank executives yesterday, the 27th DAY of November ,2015 at precisely 8 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time(EDT), we deem it appropriate to intimate you that your funds will be transferred into the United States Treasury Account with the JP Morgan Chase Headquarters at 270 Park Avenue in New York according to the record we got from Africa due to your inability to complete the transaction and your failure to meet up with a minor payment obligation. The actual transfer of your funds($15,500,000.00) into the government account comes up next week.


This is in line with the instructions of the USA Treasurer, Mrs. Rosa Gumataotao Rios that all unclaimed funds be paid into the United States Government Treasury Account as unserviceable funds in compliance to section 3 subsection 1(a) of the United States Financial Law enacted in 2001 after an attack on our dear country on
September 11,2001.


Find below the profile of the banking institution where your funds will be transferred into following the government directive:, And note to responds to us with below Name of Bank: JP Morgan Chase Headquarters at 270 Park Avenue in New York. JP
Morgan Chase Official Bankers for the United States Treasury Department
AC NO: 68302345093
Routing NO:021109593

Account Name: United States Treasury Department, USA

Note that if you still wish to receive your funds do get back to us immediately so that we will remove your funds transfer from the list of those transactions to be seized by the United States Government. Also be informed that we need only a DIPLOMATIC IMMUNITY SEAL OF TRANSFER(DIST) to complete the wire transfer. The fee to obtain the SEAL was reduced from$600 to $88 and no other fee is involved. You are required to send the fee of $88 by WESTERN UNION or MONEY GRAM to the issuing officer at the bank where your transaction originated as stated below: INFORMATION


Receiver's Name.... NWEKE PETERS
Country .......... Nigeria
City ....................... Lagos
Text Question ........ WHEN
Text Answer ........ NOW
Amount..................$88
Sender's Name:-------------

MTCN or REFERENCE Number

The name of the city from where the money was sent If we receive the
MTCN today, we will transfer your funds ($15,500,000.00) before we
close office and the funds will reflect 3hours after the transfer. We
will send you all the transfer documents to enable you start
making cash withdrawals from your account same day the funds are
transferred. We have waited for so long and we cannot continue to
wait.


Thank you for giving us the opportunity to serve your banking needs.
Yours faithfully,
Mr. Brain T Moynihan(CEO)
