Dear Sir,,

 I am Mr. Jack Zellman Director Inspection Unit United Nations
Inspection Agent in Hartsfield International Airport Atlanta Georgia.
During our investigation, I discovered An abandoned shipment from a
Diplomat from United Kingdom under iship forwarder was transferred
from JF Kennedy Airport to our facility here in Atlanta and when
scanned it revealed an undisclosed sum of money in a Metal Trunk Box
weighing approximately 110kg each. The consignment was abandoned
because the Content was not properly declared by the consignee as
money rather it was declared as personal effect to avoid diversion by
the Shipping Agent also the Diplomat inability to pay for Non
Inspection Fees.
 On my assumption, each of the boxes will contain more that $3 to $4M
each  and the consignment is still left in storage house till today
through a registered shipping Company, Courier Dispatch Service
Limited a division  of Tran guard LTD. The Consignment are two metal
box with weight of about
 110kg each (Internal dimension:  W61 x H156 x D73 (cm). Effective
capacity: 680 L.)Approximately,
 The details of the consignment including your name in the official
document from United Nation office in London are tagged on the Metal
Trunk box.
 Provide your Phone Number and date of birth of nearest Airport
around and  other details or disregard. You can send the required
details to me for onward delivery.
 All communication must be held extremely confidential. I can get
everything concluded within 3-6 hours upon your acceptance and proceed
to your address for delivery. But I must get assurance from you
concerning my 50% before I will proceed.
 I want us to transact this business and share the money, since the
shippers have abandoned it and ran away. I will pay for the Non
inspection fee and arrange for the boxes to be moved out of this
Airport to your  address, I will bring it by myself to avoid any more
trouble. But I will share it 50% to you and 50% to me. But you have to
assure me of my 50%. If  you agreed with my condition ers
and I wait to hear from you.

MR. Jack Zellman
INSPECTION OFFICER
